Fix RAG with Generative APIs and Langchain tutorial (#4047)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/how-to-implement-rag-generativeapis/index.mdx

### Install required packages

> 1. Run the following command to install the required python packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to install the required Python packages:
```

   ```sh
   pip install langchain langchainhub langchain_openai langchain_community langchain_postgres unstructured "unstructured[pdf]" libmagic python-dotenv psycopg2 boto3
   ```

   If you are on MacOS, run also the following command to install dependencies required by the `unstructured` package:

>    ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   ```sh
```

### Install required packages

> 1. Run the following command to install the required Python packages:

Reviewer 2: This section is now the only one in the whole tutorial having numbered steps 1. and 2.

Reviewer: @tgenaitay @fpagny we can remove the steps numbers, as we have less than 3 in the tutorial.
Sorry, I ended up forgetting to remove them yesterday after I finished the review. 🤓

   ## Will be used to authenticate to Scaleway Object Storage and Scaleway Generative APIs
   SCW_ACCESS_KEY=your_scaleway_access_key_id
   SCW_SECRET_KEY=your_scaleway_secret_key

   # Scaleway Managed Database (PostgreSQL) credentials
   ## Will be used to store embeddings of your proprietary data
   SCW_DB_USER=your_scaleway_managed_db_username
   SCW_DB_PASSWORD=your_scaleway_managed_db_password
   SCW_DB_NAME=rdb
   SCW_DB_HOST=your_scaleway_managed_db_host  # The IP address of your database instance
   SCW_DB_PORT=your_scaleway_managed_db_port  # The port number for your database instance

   # Scaleway Object Storage bucket configuration
   ## Will be used to store your proprietary data (PDF, CSV etc)
   SCW_BUCKET_NAME=your_scaleway_bucket_name
   SCW_REGION=fr-par # Region where your bucket is located
   SCW_BUCKET_ENDPOINT="https://s3.fr-par.scw.cloud" # Object Storage main endpoint, e.g., https://s3.fr-par.scw.cloud for fr-par region

   # Scaleway Generative APIs endpoint
   ## LLM and Embedding model are served through this base URL
   SCW_GENERATIVE_APIs_ENDPOINT="https://api.scaleway.ai/v1"
   ```

> ## Setup embeddings and vector store

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Set up embeddings and vector store
```

Below are some known error messages and their corresponding solutions:

**Error**: `botocore.exceptions.ClientError: An error occurred (SignatureDoesNotMatch) when calling the ListObjectsV2 operation: The request signature we calculated does not match the signature you provided. Check your key and signing method.`
**Solution**: Ensure that your `SCW_BUCKET_NAME`, `SCW_REGION`, `SCW_BUCKET_ENDPOINT`, and `SCW_SECRET_KEY` are properly configured, the corresponding IAM Principal has the necessary rights, and that your [IAM API key can interact with Object Storage](/identity-and-access-management/iam/api-cli/using-api-key-object-storage/).

**Error**: `urllib.error.URLError: <urlopen error [SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: unable to get local issuer certificate (_ssl.c:992)>`

**Solution**: On MacOS, ensure your Python version has loaded certificates trusted by MacOS.
You can fix this with `Applications/Python 3.X` (where `X` is your version number), and double click on `Certificates.command`.

**Error**: `ERROR:root:An error occurred: bge-multilingual-gemma2 is not a local folder and is not a valid model identifier listed on 'https://huggingface.co/models'

> If this is a private repository, make sure to pass a token having permission to this repo either by logging in with `huggingface-cli login` or by passing `token=<your_token>``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this is a private repository, make sure to pass a token having permission to this repo either by logging in with `huggingface-cli login` or by passing ```token=<your_token>```
```

   SCW_GENERATIVE_APIs_ENDPOINT="https://api.scaleway.ai/v1"
   ```

## Setup embeddings and vector store

### Import required modules

> 3. Create a `embed.py` file and add the following code to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `embed.py` file and add the following code to it:
```

   ```python
   # embed.py
   from dotenv import load_dotenv
   import os
   
   from langchain_openai import OpenAIEmbeddings
   from langchain_postgres import PGVector
   
   # Load environment variables from .env file
   load_dotenv()
   ```

### Configure embeddings client

4. Edit `embed.py` to configure [OpenAIEmbeddings](https://api.python.langchain.com/en/latest/embeddings/langchain_openai.embeddings.base.OpenAIEmbeddings.html) class from LangChain to use your API Secret Key, Generative APIs Endpoint URL and a supported model (`bge-multilingual-gemma2` in our example).

```python
embeddings = OpenAIEmbeddings(
    openai_api_key=os.getenv("SCW_SECRET_KEY"),
    openai_api_base=os.getenv("SCW_GENERATIVE_APIs_ENDPOINT"),
    model="bge-multilingual-gemma2",
    check_embedding_ctx_length=False
)
```

### Configure vector store client

> 5. Edit `embed.py` to configure connection to your Managed Database for PostgreSQL Instance storing vectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit `embed.py` to configure connection to your Managed Database for PostgreSQL Instance storing vectors:
```

   ```python
   connection_string = f'postgresql+psycopg2://{os.getenv("SCW_DB_USER")}:{os.getenv("SCW_DB_PASSWORD")}@{os.getenv("SCW_DB_HOST")}:{os.getenv("SCW_DB_PORT")}/{os.getenv("SCW_DB_NAME")}'
   vector_store = PGVector(connection=connection_string, embeddings=embeddings)
   ```

   <Message type="tip">

>    You do not need to install pgvector manually using `CREATE EXTENSION vector` as Langchain will automatically detect it is not present and install it when calling adapter `PGVector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You do not need to install pgvector manually using `CREATE EXTENSION vector` as LangChain will automatically detect it is not present and install it when calling adapter `PGVector`.
```

   </Message>

## Load and process documents

> 6. At this stage, you need to have data (e.g. PDF files) stored in your Scaleway Object storage bucket. As examples, you can download our [Instance CLI cheatsheet](https://www-uploads.scaleway.com/Instances_CLI_Cheatsheet_7ae4ed5564.pdf) and our [Kubernetes cheatsheets](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/static/be9a6e5821a4e8e268c7c5bd3624e256/scaleway-kubernetes-cheatsheet.pdf) and store them into your [Object Storage bucket](https://console.scaleway.com/object-storage/buckets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this stage, you need to have data (e.g. PDF files) stored in your Scaleway Object storage bucket. As examples, you can download our [Instance CLI cheatsheet](https://www-uploads.scaleway.com/Instances_CLI_Cheatsheet_7ae4ed5564.pdf) and [Kubernetes cheatsheets](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/static/be9a6e5821a4e8e268c7c5bd3624e256/scaleway-kubernetes-cheatsheet.pdf) and store them into your [Object Storage bucket](https://console.scaleway.com/object-storage/buckets).
```

Below we will use LangChain's [`S3DirectoryLoader`](https://api.python.langchain.com/en/latest/document_loaders/langchain_community.document_loaders.s3_file.S3FileLoader.html) to load documents, and split them into chunks. 
Then, we will embed them as vectors and store these vectors in your PostgreSQL database.

### Import required modules

> 7. Edit the beginning of `embed.py` to import `S3DirectoryLoader` and `RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the beginning of `embed.py` to import `S3DirectoryLoader` and `RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter`:
```

   ```python
   from langchain_community.document_loaders import S3DirectoryLoader
   from langchain.text_splitter import RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter
   ```

### Iterate through objects

> 8. Edit `embed.py` to load all files in your bucket using `S3DirectoryLoader`, split them into chunks of 500 characters using `RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter` and embed them and store them into your PostgreSQL database using `PGVector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit `embed.py` to load all files in your bucket using `S3DirectoryLoader`, split them into chunks of 500 characters using `RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter` and embed them and store them into your PostgreSQL database using `PGVector`.
```

   ```python
   text_splitter = RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter(chunk_size=500, chunk_overlap=0, add_start_index=True, length_function=len, is_separator_regex=False)
   file_loader = S3DirectoryLoader(
       bucket=os.getenv("SCW_BUCKET_NAME"),
       prefix="",
       endpoint_url=os.getenv("SCW_BUCKET_ENDPOINT"),
       aws_access_key_id=os.getenv("SCW_ACCESS_KEY"),
       aws_secret_access_key=os.getenv("SCW_SECRET_KEY")
   )
   for file in file_loader.lazy_load():
       chunks = text_splitter.split_text(file.page_content)
       embeddings_list = [embeddings.embed_query(chunk) for chunk in chunks]
       vector_store.add_embeddings(chunks, embeddings_list)
       print('Vectors successfully added for document',file.metadata['source'])
   ```

>    The chunk size of 500 characters is chosen to fit within the context size limit of the embedding model used in this tutorial, but could be raised up to 4096 characters for `bge-multilingual-gemma2` model (or slightly more as context size is counted in tokens). Keeping chunks small also optimize performance during inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The chunk size of 500 characters is chosen to fit within the context size limit of the embedding model used in this tutorial, but could be raised up to 4096 characters for `bge-multilingual-gemma2` model (or slightly more as context size is counted in tokens). Keeping chunks small also optimizes performance during inference.
```

> 9. You can now run you vector embedding script with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now run you vector embedding script with:
```

   ```sh
   python embed.py
   ```

   You should see the following output for all files embedding loaded successfully in your Managed Database Instance:

>    ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   ```sh
```

   Vectors successfully added for document s3://{bucket_name}/{file_name}
   ```

>    If you experience any issue, check [Troubleshooting section](#troubleshooting) to find solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you experience any issues, check the [Troubleshooting section](#troubleshooting) to find solutions.
```

### Query the RAG System with a pre-defined prompt template

### Create a new file and import required modules

> 1. Create a new file called `rag.py` and add the following content to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new file called `rag.py` and add the following content to it:
```

   vector_store = PGVector(connection=connection_string, embeddings=embeddings)
   ```
    <Message type="tip">
    Note that configuration should be similar to the one used in `embed.py` to ensure vectors will be read in the same format as the one used to create and store them.
    </Message>

### Configure LLM client and create a basic RAG pipeline

3. Edit `rag.py` to configure LLM client using `ChatOpenAI` and create a simple RAG pipeline:

   ```python
   llm = ChatOpenAI(
           base_url=os.getenv("SCW_GENERATIVE_APIs_ENDPOINT"),
           api_key=os.getenv("SCW_SECRET_KEY"),
           model="llama-3.1-8b-instruct",
           )
   
   prompt = hub.pull("rlm/rag-prompt")
   retriever = vector_store.as_retriever()
   
   rag_chain = (
           {"context": retriever, "question": RunnablePassthrough()}
           | prompt
           | llm
           | StrOutputParser()
       )
   
   for r in rag_chain.stream("Provide the CLI command to shut down a scaleway instance. Its instance-uuid is example-28f3-4e91-b2af-4c3502562d72"):
       print(r, end="", flush=True)
   ```

>    - `hub.pull("rlm/rag-prompt")` uses a standard RAG template. This ensures documents content retrieved will be passed as context along your prompt to the LLM using a compatible format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   - `hub.pull("rlm/rag-prompt")` uses a standard RAG template. This ensures documents content retrieved will be passed as context along your prompt to the LLM using a compatible format.
```

   - `vector_store.as_retriever()` configures your vector store as additional context to retrieve before calling the LLM. By default, the 4 closest document chunks are retrieved using vector `similarity` score.
   - `rag_chain` defines a workflow performing the following steps in order: Retrieve relevant documents, Prompt LLM with document as context, and final output parsing.
   - `for r in rag_chain.stream("Prompt question")` starts the rag workflow with `Prompt question` as input.

> 4. You can now execute your RAG pipeline with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now execute your RAG pipeline with:
```

   ```sh
   python rag.py
   ```

>    If you used the Scaleway cheatsheet provided as examples, and asked for a CLI command to power of instance, you should see the following answer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you used the Scaleway cheatsheet provided as examples and asked for a CLI command to power of instance, you should see the following answer:
```

   ```sh
   scw instance server stop example-28f3-4e91-b2af-4c3502562d72 

>    This will shut down the instance with the specified instance-uuid. 
>    Please note that this command only stops the instance, it doesn't shut it down completely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	This will shut down the Instance with the specified instance-uuid. Note that this command stops the Instance but does not shut it down completely.
```

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>    This command is fully correct and can be used with Scaleway CLI. Note especially that vector embedding enabled the system to retrieve proper document chunks even if the Scaleway cheatsheet never mention `shut down` but only `power off`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This command is correct and can be used with the Scaleway CLI.
   Note that vector embedding enabled the system to retrieve proper document chunks even if the Scaleway cheatsheet never mentions `shut down` but only `power off`.
```

>    You can compare this result without RAG (for instance by using the same prompt in [Generative APIs Playground](https://console.scaleway.com/generative-api/models/fr-par/playground?modelName=llama-3.1-8b-instruct)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can compare this result without RAG (for instance, by using the same prompt in [Generative APIs Playground](https://console.scaleway.com/generative-api/models/fr-par/playground?modelName=llama-3.1-8b-instruct)):
```

>    This will shut down the instance with the specified instance-uuid. 
>    Please note that this command only stops the instance, it doesn't shut it down completely
>    ```
>    This command is fully correct and can be used with Scaleway CLI. Note especially that vector embedding enabled the system to retrieve proper document chunks even if the Scaleway cheatsheet never mention `shut down` but only `power off`.
>    You can compare this result without RAG (for instance by using the same prompt in [Generative APIs Playground](https://console.scaleway.com/generative-api/models/fr-par/playground?modelName=llama-3.1-8b-instruct)):
>    ```sh
>    scaleway instance shutdown --instance-uuid example-28f3-4e91-b2af-4c3502562d72
>    ```
>    This is command is not correct at all, and "hallucinate" in several ways to fit the question prompt content: `scaleway` instead of `scw`, `instance` instead of `instance server`, `shutdown` instead of `stop` and `--instance-uuid` parameter doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will shut down the Instance with the specified instance-uuid. Note that this command stops the Instance but does not shut it down completely.

   This command is correct and can be used with the Scaleway CLI. Note that vector embedding enabled the system to retrieve proper document chunks even if the Scaleway cheatsheet never mentions `shut down` but only `power off`.
   You can compare this result without RAG (for instance, by using the same prompt in [Generative APIs Playground](https://console.scaleway.com/generative-api/models/fr-par/playground?modelName=llama-3.1-8b-instruct)):
   
   ```sh
   scaleway instance shutdown --instance-uuid example-28f3-4e91-b2af-4c3502562d72
   ```
   
   This command is incorrect and 'hallucinates' in several ways to fit the question prompt content: `scaleway` instead of `scw`, `instance` instead of `instance server`, `shutdown` instead of `stop`, and the `--instance-uuid` parameter does not exist.
```

>    This is command is not correct at all, and "hallucinate" in several ways to fit the question prompt content: `scaleway` instead of `scw`, `instance` instead of `instance server`, `shutdown` instead of `stop` and `--instance-uuid` parameter doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   This command is incorrect and 'hallucinates' in several ways to fit the question prompt content: scaleway instead of scw, instance instead of instance server, shutdown instead of stop, and the --instance-uuid parameter does not exist.
```

### Query the RAG system with your own prompt template

Personalizing your prompt template allows you to tailor the responses from your RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) system to better fit your specific needs. This can significantly improve the relevance and tone of the answers you receive. Below is a detailed guide on how to create a custom prompt for querying the system.

> 5. Replace `rag.py` content with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `rag.py` content with the following:
```

   vector_store = PGVector(connection=connection_string, embeddings=embeddings)
   
   llm = ChatOpenAI(
       base_url=os.getenv("SCW_GENERATIVE_APIs_ENDPOINT"),
       api_key=os.getenv("SCW_SECRET_KEY"),
       model="llama-3.1-8b-instruct",
   )
   
   prompt = """Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. Provide only the answer in CLI commands, do not add anything else. {context} Question: {question} CLI Command Answer:"""
   custom_rag_prompt = PromptTemplate.from_template(prompt)
   retriever = vector_store.as_retriever()
   custom_rag_chain = create_stuff_documents_chain(llm, custom_rag_prompt)
   
   
   context = retriever.invoke("Provide the CLI command to shut down a scaleway instance. Its instance-uuid is example-28f3-4e91-b2af-4c3502562d72")
   for r in custom_rag_chain.stream({"question":"Provide the CLI command to shut down a scaleway instance. Its instance-uuid is example-28f3-4e91-b2af-4c3502562d72", "context": context}):
       print(r, end="", flush=True)
   ```

>    - `PromptTemplate` enables you to customize how retrieved context and question are passed through LLM prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `PromptTemplate` enables you to customize how the retrieved context and question are passed through the LLM prompt.
```

   - `retriever.invoke` lets you customize which part of the LLM input is used to retrieve documents.

>    - `create_stuff_documents_chain` provides the prompt template to the llm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `create_stuff_documents_chain` provides the prompt template to the LLM.
```

6. You can now execute your custom RAG pipeline with:

   ```sh
   python rag.py
   ```

   Note that with Scaleway cheatsheets example, the CLI answer should be similar, but without additional explanations regarding the command line performed.

> Congratulations! You built a custom RAG pipeline to improve LLM answers based on specific documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have built a custom RAG pipeline to improve LLM answers based on specific documentation.
```

> You can now go further by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Going further
```

> - Specializing your RAG pipeline for your use case (whether it's providing better answers for Customer support, finding relevant content through Internal Documentation, helping user generate more creative and personalized content, or much more)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specialize your RAG pipeline for your use case, such as providing better answers for customer support, finding relevant content through internal documentation, helping users generate more creative and personalized content, and much more.
```

> - Storing chat history to increase prompt relevancy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Store chat history to increase prompt relevancy. 
```

> - Adding a complete testing pipeline to test which prompt, models and retrieval strategy to provide a better experience for your users. You can for instance leverage [Serverless Jobs](https://console.scaleway.com/serverless-jobs/jobs/fr-par) to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a complete testing pipeline to test which prompt, models, and retrieval strategy provide a better experience for your users. You can, for instance, leverage [Serverless Jobs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/serverless-jobs/) to do so.
```

## Troubleshooting

> If you happen to encounter any issues, first check that you meet all the requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you happen to encounter any issues, first ensure that you have:
```

> - You have the right [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/policy/), specifically **ContainersRegistryFullAccess**, **ContainersFullAccess** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The necessary [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/policy/), specifically **ContainersRegistryFullAccess**, **ContainersFullAccess**
```

> - You created an [IAM API Key capable of interacting with Object Storage](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/identity-and-access-management/iam/api-cli/using-api-key-object-storage/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [IAM API key capable of interacting with Object Storage](/identity-and-access-management/iam/api-cli/using-api-key-object-storage/)
```

> - You stored the right credentials in your `.env` file, especially credentials allowing to connect to your [Managed Database Instance with admin rights](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/add-users/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stored the right credentials in your `.env` file allowing to connect to your [Managed Database Instance with admin rights](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/add-users/)
```

> If you encounter the following error message, try corresponding solutions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some known error messages and their corresponding solutions:
```

> - `botocore.exceptions.ClientError: An error occurred (SignatureDoesNotMatch) when calling the ListObjectsV2 operation: The request signature we calculated does not match the signature you provided. Check your key and signing method.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error**: `botocore.exceptions.ClientError: An error occurred (SignatureDoesNotMatch) when calling the ListObjectsV2 operation: The request signature we calculated does not match the signature you provided. Check your key and signing method.`
```

>   - **Solution:** Ensure your `SCW_BUCKET_NAME`, `SCW_REGION`, `SCW_BUCKET_ENDPOINT` and `SCW_SECRET_KEY` are properly configured, that corresponding IAM Principal have the proper rights and that your [IAM API Key can interact with Object Storage]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Solution:** Ensure that your `SCW_BUCKET_NAME`, `SCW_REGION`, `SCW_BUCKET_ENDPOINT`, and `SCW_SECRET_KEY` are properly configured, the corresponding IAM Principal has the necessary rights, and that your [IAM API key can interact with Object Storage](/identity-and-access-management/iam/api-cli/using-api-key-object-storage/).
```

> - `urllib.error.URLError: <urlopen error [SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: unable to get local issuer certificate (_ssl.c:992)>`
>   - On MacOS, ensure your Python version has loaded certificates trusted by MacOS. You can fix this by `Applications/Python 3.X` (where X is your version number), and double click on `Certificates.command`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error**: `urllib.error.URLError: <urlopen error [SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: unable to get local issuer certificate (_ssl.c:992)>`

**Solution**: On MacOS, ensure your Python version has loaded certificates trusted by MacOS.
You can fix this with `Applications/Python 3.X` (where `X` is your version number), and double click on `Certificates.command`.
```

> - `ERROR:root:An error occurred: bge-multilingual-gemma2 is not a local folder and is not a valid model identifier listed on 'https://huggingface.co/models'
> If this is a private repository, make sure to pass a token having permission to this repo either by logging in with `huggingface-cli login` or by passing `token=<your_token>``
>   - This is caused by Langchain OpenAI adapter trying to tokenize content. Ensure you set `check_embedding_ctx_length=False` in OpenAIEmbedding configuration to avoid tokenizing content (as tokenization will be performed server-side, in Generative APIs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error**: `ERROR:root:An error occurred: bge-multilingual-gemma2 is not a local folder and is not a valid model identifier listed on 'https://huggingface.co/models'
If this is a private repository, make sure to pass a token having permission to this repo either by logging in with `huggingface-cli login` or by passing `token=<your_token>``

**Solution**: This is caused by the LangChain OpenAI adapter trying to tokenize content. Ensure you set `check_embedding_ctx_length=False` in OpenAIEmbedding configuration to avoid tokenizing content, as tokenization will be performed server-side in Generative APIs.
```

   ```python
   from langchain_community.document_loaders import S3DirectoryLoader
   from langchain.text_splitter import RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter
   ```

### Iterate through objects

Edit `embed.py` to load all files in your bucket using `S3DirectoryLoader`, split them into chunks of 500 characters using `RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter` and embed them and store them into your PostgreSQL database using `PGVector`.

   ```python
   text_splitter = RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter(chunk_size=500, chunk_overlap=0, add_start_index=True, length_function=len, is_separator_regex=False)
   file_loader = S3DirectoryLoader(
       bucket=os.getenv("SCW_BUCKET_NAME"),
       prefix="",
       endpoint_url=os.getenv("SCW_BUCKET_ENDPOINT"),
       aws_access_key_id=os.getenv("SCW_ACCESS_KEY"),
       aws_secret_access_key=os.getenv("SCW_SECRET_KEY")
   )
   for file in file_loader.lazy_load():
       chunks = text_splitter.split_text(file.page_content)
       embeddings_list = [embeddings.embed_query(chunk) for chunk in chunks]
       vector_store.add_embeddings(chunks, embeddings_list)
       print('Vectors successfully added for document',file.metadata['source'])
   ```

>    The chunk size of 500 characters is chosen to fit within the context size limit of the embedding model used in this tutorial, but could be raised to up to 4096 characters for `bge-multilingual-gemma2` model (or slightly more as context size is counted in tokens). Keeping chunks small also optimizes performance during inference.

Reviewer 2: The embedding model used in this tutorial is now `bge-multilingual-gemma2` perhaps we need to edit this line accordingly, as well as the chunk_size defined above
